update k8s integration docs with DaemonSet-based scanning (#145)
mondoohq/docs: docs/platform/infra/cloud/kubernetes/scan-kubernetes-with-operator.md

2. To continuously assess the security posture of nodes in your Kubernetes cluster, enable **Scan nodes**.

   Choose how to scan cluster nodes:

   - To create a CronJob for each node every time you scan, select **CronJob-based**. This is the recommended method. It doesn't permanently allocate resources to the integration.

>    - If your nodes tend to be constantly in use, you can select **Deployment-based** scanning. This approach relies on a DaemonSet to assure that Mondoo scans the nodes continuously, even during high-traffic times.

Reviewer: Let's chat tomorrow on the reason why you'd want to choose these two

   Choose how to scan cluster nodes:

>    - We strongly recommend that you leave **CronJob-based** selected. It's ideal for most infrastructures. A CronJob executes regularly to run the scans without permanently allocating any resources for Mondoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - We strongly recommend that you leave **CronJob-based** selected. It's ideal for most infrastructures. A CronJob executes regularly to run the scans without permanently allocating any resources for Mondoo on cluster nodes.
```

>    - If your nodes tend to run at 100% usage, no resources are available for a CronJob to run a Mondoo scan. If you experience consistently failing Mondoo scans, select **Deployment-based** scanning instead. This approach reserves resources for Mondoo. It relies on a DaemonSet to assure that Mondoo scans the nodes continuously, even during high-traffic times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If your nodes tend to run near 100% resource utilization, no resources will be available for a CronJob to run a Mondoo scan. If you experience consistently failing Mondoo node scans, select **Deployment-based** scanning instead. This approach reserves resources for Mondoo on each cluster node. It relies on a DaemonSet to assure that Mondoo scans the nodes continuously, even during high-traffic times.
```
